New entries in UI and UX -- fixing PR (#4)
js6450/docs: content/uiux/concepts/focus-groups/focus-groups.md

---
Title: 'Focus Groups'

> Description: 'Focus groups are a user research method where a researcher guides a group of 3&ndash;10 participants through a series of questions about a topic, product, or design.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Focus groups are a user research method where a researcher guides a group of 3 to 10 participants through a series of questions about a topic, product, or design.'
```

Let's leave out the endash in the meta-`Description`.

Subjects:
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'UI'
  - 'UX'
CatalogContent:
  - 'intro-to-ui-ux'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

**Focus groups** are a [user research](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/user-research) method where a researcher guides a group of 3 &ndash; 10 participants through a series of questions about a topic, product, or design. Focus groups can be conducted either remotely or in-person.

Because focus groups rely on self-reported user data, they are considered an [attitudinal research method](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/attitudinal-research). Focus groups are considered a [qualitative research method](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/qualitative-research) since they focus on the in-depth motivations and thought processes behind the user experience. [Interviews](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/interviews) are typically one-on-one, while focus groups collect qualitative feedback from a group of participants.

> Focus groups are commonly used in market research to collect feedback about a product or brand. In UX research, they can be used to collect data or feedback that may be difficult to collect in a typical interview or [survey](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/surveys), since the social element of a focus group may help participants open up more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Focus groups are commonly used in market research to collect feedback about a product or brand. In UX research, they can be used to collect data or feedback that may be difficult to collect in a typical interview or [survey](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/surveys). Unlike a survey or one-on-one a focus group has a social dynamic which may facilitate participants opening up and sharing their thoughts.
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Focus groups are commonly used in market research to collect feedback about a product or brand. In UX research, they can be used to collect data or feedback that may be difficult to collect in a typical interview or [survey](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/uiux/surveys). Unlike a survey or one-on-one interview, a focus group has a social dynamic that may facilitate participants opening up and sharing their thoughts.
```
